Update usage.mdx (#1658)
meshtastic/meshtastic: docs/software/python-cli/usage.mdx

INFO  | 18:38:04 711 Telling client we have new packets 28
```

> It is worth noting that as long as the `meshtastic --noproto` is running in a terminal, you you might not be able to successfully "get" or "set" any device parameters as described in the following chapters.

Reviewer: typo: `you you`

I think we can simplify this whole thing

> While `meshtastic --noproto` is running, you cannot `get` or `set` any device parameters as described in the following chapters.

## Getting a list of User Preferences

You can get a list of user preferences by running `--get` with an invalid (not known to meshtastic) attribute such as `all`.

```shell
meshtastic --get all
```

```shell title="A snippet of what you would see in the Resulting Output"

> # A snippet of what you would see in the Resulting Output:

Reviewer: Duplicate content from the title

...

power:
    power.adc_multiplier_override
    power.device_battery_ina_address
    power.is_power_saving
    power.ls_secs
    power.min_wake_secs
    power.on_battery_shutdown_after_secs
    power.powermon_enables
    power.sds_secs
    power.wait_bluetooth_secs
network:
    network.address_mode
    network.eth_enabled
    network.ipv4_config
    network.ntp_server
    network.rsyslog_server
    network.wifi_enabled
    network.wifi_psk
    network.wifi_ssid
display:
    display.auto_screen_carousel_secs
    display.compass_north_top
    display.compass_orientation
    display.displaymode
    display.flip_screen
    display.gps_format
    display.heading_bold
    display.oled
    display.screen_on_secs
    display.units
    display.wake_on_tap_or_motion

...
```

> ## Getting a list of User Preferences including the Values they are currently set to

Reviewer: This title is too long for an h2, h2's show up in the navbar on the side.

> Getting Preferences and Values

Should suffice

> You can get this by running `--info` which reads and displays the radio config information. Which will also include a list of all "Nodes in mesh" known to the device. 

Reviewer: Strange wording, especially in the second sentence. Not sure we need this content at all as the command and output below display everything

    "autoScreenCarouselSecs": 0,
    "flipScreen": false,
    "units": "METRIC",
    "oled": "OLED_AUTO",
    "displaymode": "DEFAULT",
    "wakeOnTapOrMotion": false,
    "compassOrientation": "DEGREES_0"
  },

...
```

## Changing Device Settings

You can also use this tool to set any of the device parameters which are stored in persistent storage. 

### How to set a specific preference

Lets assume your device/node has a display and you want it to automatically cycle through the different screens.
As we can see in the above "Resulting Output" snippet the `autoScreenCarouselSecs` (which is under `"display":`) is currently set to `0`. (Which means, "cycling" is currently disabled.)

How to change that to, let´s say 20 seconds?
We will use the `--set` attribute to change `autoScreenCarouselSecs`. But simply trying to use:

```shell
meshtastic --set autoScreenCarouselSecs 20
```
will result in the message:

```shell title="Error Message"
...
LocalConfig and LocalModuleConfig do not have attribute autoScreenCarouselSecs.
...
```
We will need to add the `display` part to our command by adding it before the `autoScreenCarouselSecs`. And we will use a `.` as seperator between them.

> So the command would be: 

Reviewer: We don't need to showcase the wrong way to do it, we can just show the right way.

```shell
meshtastic --set display.autoScreenCarouselSecs 20
```
```shell title="Expected Result"
Connected to radio
Set display.auto_screen_carousel_secs to 20
Writing modified preferences to device
```

### More Examples

> For instance, here's how to set the device
> to keep the Bluetooth link alive for eight hours (any usage of the Bluetooth protocol from your phone will reset this timer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping the Bluetooth link alive for 80 hours. Note that any usage of the Bluetooth protocol from your phone will reset this timer
```

This can be simplified. Also, is `phone` right here? Should we just say client device?
